Improve description of the HTTP JSON API in the Ledger API docs (#13271)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/app-dev/ledger-api.rst

   bindings-x-lang/index

> To write an application around a Daml ledger, you'll need to interact with the **Ledger API**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write an application around a Daml ledger, you will need to interact with the **Ledger API**.
```

You may also want to read the :doc:`protobuf documentation </app-dev/grpc/proto-docs>`, which explains how each service is defined as protobuf messages.

How to Access the Ledger API
****************************

You can access the Ledger API via the :doc:`Java Bindings <bindings-java/index>`.

> If you don't use a language that targets the JVM you can use gRPC to generate the code to access the Ledger API in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't use a language that targets the JVM, you can use gRPC to generate the code to access the Ledger API in
```

several supported programming languages. :doc:`Further documentation <bindings-x-lang/index>` provides a few
pointers on how you may want to approach this.

You can also use the :doc:`HTTP JSON API Service </json-api/index>` to tap into the Ledger API.

> At its core, it provides a simplified view of the active contract set and additional primities to query it and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At its core, this service provides a simplified view of the active contract set and additional primities to query it and
```

Reviewer: Also, is "primities" correct here?

Author: Addressed by https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/13271/commits/eec658d36352eb6efe99ed501d80b68f1a12e050

exposing it using a well-defined JSON-based encoding over a conventional HTTP connection.

> A subset of the services mentioned above is also available as part of it.

Reviewer: As part of what?

Author: Addressed by https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/13271/commits/ac92165a493ddc851efe425f173e6c31c0d8ecf7

> A subset of the services mentioned above is also available as part of it.

Author: ```suggestion
A subset of the services mentioned above is also available as part of the HTTP JSON API.
```
